README.md, before:

# deep-purple-framework

Grid-based Framework built with Sass. This is the last project in Microverse's HTML & CSS3 Course. The project consists of two parts: 

 - Building your own framework
 - Cloning a website with the use of the framework

## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

URL to the live version of the site we cloned using this framework: [Jancis Robinson - Clone](https://raw.githack.com/mcastorena0316/jancis-robinson/developer-branch/index.html)

URL to the original assignment: [Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html5-and-css3/lessons/design-your-own-grid-based-framework)

This a rebuild of Jancis Robinson's responsive website. The rebuid was done using our own framework. The page used for reference is [Jancis Robinson](https://www.jancisrobinson.com/)

### Built With

* [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Ermin Cahtarevic - [Github](https://github.com/ermin-cahtarevic) | erminc@windowslive.com

Melissa Castorena - [Github](https://github.com/mcastorena0316) | mcastorena0316@gmail.com



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements

* [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
* [Jancis Robinson](https://www.jancisrobinson.com/)
* [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)

Commit message:

adding url to the repository

README.md, after:

# deep-purple-framework

Grid-based Framework built with Sass. This is the last project in Microverse's HTML & CSS3 Course. The project consists of two parts: 

 - Building your own framework
 - Cloning a website with the use of the framework

## Table of Contents

* [About the Project](#about-the-project)
  * [Built With](#built-with)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

URL to the live version of the site we cloned using this framework: [Jancis Robinson - Clone](https://raw.githack.com/mcastorena0316/jancis-robinson/developer-branch/index.html)

URL to the repository of the cloned website: [Jancis Robinson - Github](https://github.com/mcastorena0316/jancis-robinson/tree/developer-branch)

URL to the original assignment: [Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html5-and-css3/lessons/design-your-own-grid-based-framework)

This a rebuild of Jancis Robinson's responsive website. The rebuid was done using our own framework. The page used for reference is [Jancis Robinson](https://www.jancisrobinson.com/)

### Built With

* [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Ermin Cahtarevic - [Github](https://github.com/ermin-cahtarevic) | erminc@windowslive.com

Melissa Castorena - [Github](https://github.com/mcastorena0316) | mcastorena0316@gmail.com



<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## Acknowledgements

* [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)
* [Jancis Robinson](https://www.jancisrobinson.com/)
* [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
